hi everybody welcome back to how to hit
box my name is Dustin Huffer my name is
Shawn Harper and I'm Eli Jackson and
today we are moving forward to lesson
three
sure you can the dragon punch fiery
uppercut move you should give me a lot
of problems but know more you can find a
lot of consistency with your inputs on
the hip hop so we'll stick it off by
what we already know how to do it on a
joystick
here's neutral then you crank it right
and then you go all the way back to
crouch block and then you move it
forward again that's a lot of travel
time same with your thumb on AB on a pad
hitbox is a little different take on it
there's no travel time and it's a little
more simple to Grassi the tap forward
down down forward fingers never move
there's no travel time as you can get a
lot more computable play so I'll show
you real quick on the left side it's the
same thing only you start with your ring
finger and results a lot less side
dependency it's a little different at
first using your ring finger but you'll
be fine long as you stay nice loose and
relaxed doesn't matter so you don't mess
it up because you land on it there's no
going too far and hitting the fireball
you won't accidentally hit up right over
here just right there for you so you can
trust your dragon punch as a reversal a
lot more in a match will randomly go
away it's just right there for you
you'll find since you do land on it it's
a lot similar to priority linking for
your combos and that is when you want to
land the link one frame to frame same
thing with your directionals one frame
to frame you're just using your other
hand yeah so you're taking all that
information you see use with your right
hand and just transferring it over
you really can be beforehand and it
won't mess up you'll be able to go
faster
yeah I'm still messin up because you
need up a lot you land right on it it's
best as you can go unless you want to
take it one step further and that's
using what we talked about last lesson
with fairly depressing the forward and
then falling into the plink so it feels
like one liquid motion it's fast very
fast fast fast fast
you do it when you want to do it that
fast I mean it's even if you just barely
touching the keys so you can go right on
it come out every time it's beautiful so
on that note we're going to teach you
how to go even faster
so I'm going to pass the hot seat here
to Eli he'll show you how to do some
shortcuts so in Super Street Fighter 4
there are input shortcuts and the
shoryuken has to in particular that you
should really make note of the 3 - 3 and
the 6 3 6 now the 3 2 3 that's where you
hit down forward then you release
forward and then hit forward again you
never let go down on a hit box this is
instant what's good about this
particular shortcut is that it is
absolutely amazing for anti erring
someone because you never leave Crouch
you have the lowest hitbox possible and
you go from low to immediate invincible
anti-air I like that so the other
shortcut the 6 3 6 is from forward to
tap down to forward and after hearing
about the 3 2 3 you might be thinking
well what would I need that one for well
the six 36 is especially great for
reacting to someone poking you while
you're moving forward so you're walking
forward really throws out a Crouch
medium kick and you react to it
immediately
you just tab down hit punch and you get
an instant dragon punch while you're
moving forward now again we got to warn
you these are only for Street Fighter 4
but they are great things to eat alright
guys well that about wraps it up so
thanks again for joining us for how to
hitbox and we'll be seeing you guys soon